now Joshua was old advanced in years and
the Lord said to him you are old
advanced in years and there remains very
much land yet to be possessed this is
the land that yet remains all the
territory of the Philistines and all
that of the Gessle writes from Scifo
which is east of Egypt as far as the
border of Ekron northward which is
counted as Canaanite the five Lords of
the Philistines the gays i'ts the Ashta
dykes the ashkelon i'ts the gittite
and the Ekrem i'ts also the a veidt's
from the south all the land of the
canaanites and name that belongs to the
sidonians as far as effec to the border
of the analytes the land of the giba
lights and all lebanon toward the
sunrise from bale gad below Mount Hermon
as far as the entrance to Haman all the
inhabitants of the mountains from
Lebanon as far as the brook miserable
and all the sidonians then I will drive
out from before the children of Israel
only / lot to Israel as an inheritance
as I have commanded you
now therefore divide this land as an
inheritance to the nine tribes and half
the tribe of manasseh with the other
half tribe the rubra nights and the
gadites receive their inheritance which
Moses had given them beyond the Jordan
eastward as Moses the servant of the
Lord had given them from Aurora which is
on the bank of the river arnon and the
town that is in the midst of the ravine
and all the plain of medibot as far as
divert all the cities of Sihon king of
the amorite s-- who reigned in heshbon
as far as the border of the children of
Ammon Gilead and the border of the Geshe
rights and Mayock effects all Mount
Hermon and all Batian as far as celkon
all the kingdom of ark impatiens who
reigned in ashteroth and Adriana who
remained of the remnant of the Giants
for Moses had defeated and cast out fees
nevertheless the children of Israel did
not drive out the Geshe rights or the
Maat effects but the Geshe rights and
the may akka fights dwell among the
Israelites until this day only to the
tribe of Levi he had given no
inheritance the sacrifices of the Lord
God of Israel made by fire are their
inheritance as he said to them and Moses
had given to the tribe of the children
of Reuben and inheritance according to
their families their territory was from
aroer which is on the bank of the river
arnon and the city that is in the midst
of the ravine and all the plain by
medibot heshbon and all its cities that
are in the plane died ban fame of bale
Beth Bale moon chahe Sir Kenneth meh
faith kerchief am
Sigma 0th shahe on the mountain of the
valley
fpou the slopes of Pisgah and beth
joshimuz all the cities of the plain and
all the kingdom of Sihon king of the
amorite s-- who reigned in heshbon whom
moses had struck with the princes of
Midian Eve I Rican Zoo her and Reba who
were princes of Sihon dwelling in the
country the children of Israel also
killed with the sword Balaam the son of
Beor the soothsayer among those who were
killed by them and the border of the
children of Reuben was the bank of the
Jordan this was the inheritance of the
children of Reuben according to their
families the cities and their villages
Moses also had given an inheritance to
the tribe of GAD to the children of GAD
according to their families their
territory was Jason and all the cities
of Gilead and half the land of the
ammonites as far as aroer which is
before Raburn and from heshbon to ramoth
Mizpah and Betterman and from mayor
Nahum to the border of deburr and in the
valley of beth Hiram Beth Nomura Sukkoth
and Zaphod the rest of the kingdom of
sihon king of Heshbon with the Jordan as
its border as far as the edge of the sea
of kynareth on the other side of the
Jordan eastward this is the inheritance
of the children of GAD according to
their families the cities and their
villages Moses also had given an
inheritance to half the tribe of
Manasseh it was for half the tribe of
the children of Manasseh according to
their families
their territory was from Mayor name all
bation all the kingdom of argh
king of Bashan and all the towns of jaya
which are invasion sixty cities half of
Gilead and Ashtaroth and adrià cities of
the kingdom of argh invasion where for
the children of making the son of
Manasseh for half of the children of may
care according to their families these
are the areas which Moses had
distributed as an inheritance in the
plains of Moab on the other side of the
Jordan by Jericho eastward but of a
tribe of Levi Moses had given no
inheritance the Lord God of Israel was
their inheritance as he had said to them
[Music]